# Data-Analysis-Projects
This repository contains all my data analysis projects done using Tableau, Python, SQL, Power BI.

1. BikeStores Project: I assume the role of a data analyst who works for a bicycle retailer with three different locations in the United States. My manager came up to me one day requesting a comprehensive report of the company's performance over the 2016 to 2018 period. I had the liberty of designing the report however I wanted, and needed to make sure I included all the information management would need to make informed decisions. To create it, I needed to use SQL, Excel, and Tableau. The first thing I did was write a detailed SQL query to pull the necessary data from the company's database. The hardest part was pulling the data from eight separate tables and using direct and indirect joins to connect them to this query. The next thing I did was import the SQL generated data into an Excel workbook and created an interactive executive dashboard for management. Here is the workbook. I have one worksheet for the imported SQL data. I have a second worksheet that I use to create a series of pivot tables for the graphs and charts I need for the executive dashboard. And finally, I have a worksheet for the executive dashboard itself. This dashboard is interactive thanks to the use of the sliders you see here on the left side of the dashboard. So I'm able to filter this dashboard by the year, by the state, and by the store name. And the dashboard contains a total revenues or revenues per year chart, a revenue per month chart, a revenue per state chart, a revenue per store chart, a revenue per brand, and a revenue per product category chart. And finally, a top 10 customers and revenue per sales rep charts. Finally, I connected the SQL generated Excel data to a Tableau and created an even more interactive executive dashboard using many of the tools provided by Tableau. So as you can see, the tableau dashboard is basically the same as the executive dashboard I created using Excel, with the same graphs and charts and the same filter actions. In this case, I can filter by the year as well as by the state. So if I click on a year, the dashboard and all the graphs will change to reflect my selection. If I change the state from all to California, the graphs will once again change to reflect my selection.
This dashboard will help management for judicial decision-making.
